Add Note to ITR (#246)
undefinedlabs/scope-docs: docs/intelligent-test-runner.md

This can lead to significant time and cost savings.

This is done by comparing each test code path information (the affected code) with git file change information.
If the source code files a passing test covered have not been changed in a later commit, that test is skipped
when that commit is tested.

> > Note that the Intelligent Test Runner feature is in beta and not yet supported on all platforms
> 
> > Since the Intelligent Test Runner will not catch 100% of issues, we still recommend running your full test suite in your master branch (or wherever you cut your releases from).
> 

Reviewer: What about this? To make it more obvious.

```suggestion
We recommend activating the Intelligent Test Runner only in feature and bug fix branches where feedback speed is preferred over correctness (although still with a high degree of confidence), and keeping it disabled in `master` and/or other branches where correctness is more critical than speed.

> Note that the Intelligent Test Runner feature is in beta and not yet supported on all platforms

```
